To determine whether Corner Post’s APA claim is timely, the Court must interpret §2401(a), which provides that civil actions against the United States “shall be barred unless the complaint is filed within six years after the right of action first accrues.”
While the Board argues that §2401(a) should not be interpreted to adopt a “challenger-by-challenger” approach, the standard accrual rule that §2401(a) exemplifies is plaintiff specific.
Importantly, contemporaneous dictionaries also explained that a cause of action accrues "on [the] date that damage is sustained and not [the] date when causes are set in motion which ultimately produce injury."
The Board leaves open the possibility that someone could bring an asapplied challenge to a rule when the agency relies on that rule in enforcement proceedings against that person, even if more than six years have passed since the rule’s promulgation.
The APA provisions grant Corner Post a cause of action subject to certain conditions, and §2401(a) sets the window within which Corner Post can assert its claim.
Statutes of limitations ‘require plaintiffs to pursue diligent prosecution of known claims’; statutes of repose reflect a ‘legislative judgment that a defendant should be free from liability after the legislatively determined period of time.’
The Board’s interpretation would thereby decouple the statute of limitations from any injury ‘such that the limitations period begins to run before a plaintiff can file a suit’—for some, but not all, suits governed by §2401(a).
The Board’s arguments to the contrary lack merit.
Departing from the traditional rule is particularly inappropriate here because contemporaneous statutes demonstrate that Congress in 1948 knew how to create a limitations period that begins with the defendant’s action instead of the plaintiff’s injury.
While §702 equips injured parties with a cause of action, §704 limits the agency actions that are subject to judicial review.
This traditional rule constitutes a strong background presumption.
Notwithstanding Crown Coat’s holding, the Board and the dissent try to marshal support from its dicta.
Absent vacatur, the remedy for a regulated plaintiff would not automatically extend to other regulated parties.
The Government’s current position on vacatur would de facto overrule Abbott Laboratories as to suits by unregulated parties.
To decide the facial challenges here, the courts below must explore the laws’ full range of applications—the constitutionally impermissible and permissible both—and compare the two sets.
But that conclusion would rest on a serious misunderstanding of First Amendment precedent and principle.
That controversy sounds a familiar note: We have repeatedly faced the question whether ordering a party to provide a forum for someone else’s views implicates the First Amendment.
The Court has repeatedly held that ordering a party to provide a forum for someone else’s views implicates the First Amendment if, though only if, the regulated party is engaged in its own expressive activity, which the mandated access would alter or disrupt.
From that slew of individual cases, three general points emerge.
First, the First Amendment offers protection when an entity engaged in compiling and curating others’ speech into an expressive product of its own is directed to accommodate messages it would prefer to exclude.
The next order of business is to decide which of the laws’ applications violate the First Amendment, and to measure them against the rest.
To ensure “the free exchange of ideas and information,” H. B. 20 requires regulated platforms to abide by the following content-moderation and disclosure requirements.
However, the law allows platforms to censor speech that: federal law “specifically authorize[s]” them to censor; speech that the platform is told sexually exploits children or survivors of sexual abuse; speech that “directly incites criminal activity or consists of specific threats of violence targeted against a person or group because of race, color, disability, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, sex or status as peace officer or judge”; and speech that is otherwise unlawful or has been the subject of a user’s request for removal from his or her feed or profile.
NetChoice contends that the Florida and Texas statutes facially violate the First Amendment, meaning that they cannot be applied to anyone at any time under any circumstances without violating the Constitution
Represented by sophisticated counsel, NetChoice made the deliberate choice to mount a facial challenge to both laws, and in doing so, it obviously knew what it would have to show in order to prevail.
The reasons that justify the President’s absolute immunity from criminal prosecution for acts within the scope of his exclusive constitutional authority do not extend to conduct in areas where his authority is shared with Congress.
Appreciating the “unique risks” that arise when the President’s energies are diverted by proceedings that might render him “unduly cautious in the discharge of his official duties,” the Court has recognized Presidential immunities and privileges “rooted in the constitutional tradition of the separation of powers and supported by our history.
In Fitzgerald, for instance, the Court concluded that a former Presi dent is entitled to absolute immunity from “damages liability for acts within the ‘outer perimeter’ of his official responsibility.”
And he contended that a President has absolute immunity from crimi nal prosecution for actions performed within the outer pe rimeter of his official responsibilities, to ensure that he can undertake the especially sensitive duties of his office with bold and unhesitating action.
We conclude that under our constitutional structure of separated powers, the nature of Presidential power requires that a former President have some immunity from criminal prosecution for official acts during his tenure in office.
Following the analysis set forth in Granfinanciera, S. A. v. Nordberg, 492 U. S. 33, and Tull v. United States, 481 U. S. 412, this action implicates the Seventh Amendment because the SEC’s antifraud provisions replicate common law fraud.
To determine whether a suit is legal in nature, courts must consider whether the cause of action resembles common law causes of action, and whether the remedy is the sort that was traditionally obtained in a court of law.
On that basis, this Court has repeatedly explained that matters concerning private rights may not be removed from Article III courts.
Sur veying English cases and considering the remedy these suits provided, the Court concluded that fraudulent conveyance actions were “quintessentially suits at common law.”
When a debtor files for bankruptcy, it “creates an estate” that includes virtually all the debtor’s assets.
Under Chapter 11, the debtor must develop a reorganization plan governing the distribution of the estate’s assets and present it to the bankruptcy court for approval.
Section 1123(b) addresses the kinds of provisions that may be included in a Chapter 11 plan.
Because provisions like the Sackler discharge are not expressly prohibited, they reason, paragraph (6) necessarily permits them.
While paragraph (6) doubtlessly confers additional authorities on a bankruptcy court, it cannot be read under the canon of ejusdem generis to endow a bankruptcy court with the “radically different” power to discharge the debts of a nondebtor without the con sent of affected claimants.
If a federal official accepts a bribe for an official act, federal bribery law provides for a 15-year maximum prison sentence.
In 1984, Congress passed and President Reagan signed a law now codified at 18 U. S. C. §666 that, as relevant here, extended the gratuities prohibition in §201(c) to most state and local officials.
As amended, the text of §666 now closely resembles the bribery provision for federal officials, §201(b), and makes it a crime for most state and local officials to “corruptly” solicit, accept, or agree to accept “anything of value” “intending to be influenced or rewarded in connection with” any official business or transaction worth $5,000 or more.
The dividing line between §201(b)’s bribery provision and §201(c)’s gratuities provision is that bribery requires an official to have a corrupt state of mind and to accept (or agree to accept) a payment intending to be influenced in an official act.
The Government says that the statute would not cover “innocuous” or “obviously benign” gratuities, but the Government does not identify any remotely clear lines separating such a gratuity from a criminal gratuity.
Under the doctrine of consular nonreviewability, an executive of ficer’s decision “to admit or to exclude an alien” “is final and conclusive,”.
Asencio-Cordero cannot invoke the exception himself, thus Muñoz must assert that the denial of her husband’s visa violated her constitutional rights, thereby enabling judicial review.
Thus in United States ex rel. Knauff v. Shaughnessy, 338 U. S. 537, the Court reaffirmed, in the case of a noncitizen spouse who was denied admission for confidential security reasons, the longstanding principle “that the United States can, as a matter of public policy . . . forbid aliens or classes of aliens from coming within [its] borders,” and “[n]o limits can be put by the courts upon” that power.
The District Court granted summary judgment to the State Department, but the Ninth Circuit vacated the judgment, holding that Muñoz had a constitutionally protected liberty interest in her hus band’s visa application.
Thus in Apprendi v. New Jersey, 530 U. S. 466, the Court held that a novel “sentencing enhancement” was unconstitutional because it violated the rule that only a jury may find “facts that increase the prescribed range of penalties to which a criminal defendant is ex posed.”
But a sentencing procedure followed by a few States hardly represents “convincing” proof that our precedents have mistaken the original meaning of the Fifth and Sixth Amendments.
